GIFtastic/GIFs.md, before:

# GIFtastic

This is a markdown file where you can add your favorite GIFs of various categories. You can also see how other contributors have added their GIFs and leave your signature to show it was you who added them.

## How to Add a GIF

To add a GIF to this file, you need to follow this format:

```markdown

### Topic

![GIF](url)

Added by: Your Name

```

For example, if you want to add a GIF of a funny cat under the category of Animals and the subcategory of Cats, you can do it like this:

### Cats

![GIF](https://media.giphy.com/media/ND6xkVPaj8tHO/giphy.gif)

Added by: Clifford Ouma

You can use any topic that you want, as long as it is appropriate and relevant for this project. You can also create new categories or subcategories if they don't exist yet.

To find a GIF that you want to add, you can use one of the following sources:

- [GIPHY](https://giphy.com/): This is a popular platform that offers a huge collection of GIFs for various categories and topics. You can search for a GIF that matches your interest and copy the URL from the address bar or right-click on the GIF and select "Copy image address".
- [Tenor](https://tenor.com/search/tenor-gifs): This is another platform that provides a wide range of GIFs for different occasions and moods. You can browse or search for a GIF that suits your purpose and copy the URL from the address bar or right-click on the GIF and select "Copy image address".
- Other Sources: You can also use other sources that offer GIFs, such as [Reddit], [Tumblr], [Imgur], etc. Just make sure that the URL ends with .gif and that the GIF is appropriate for this project.

## Categories

Here are some categories that you can use to add your GIFs. Feel free to add more categories or subcategories as you wish.

### Funny

This category is for GIFs that make you laugh or smile. You can use any subcategory that relates to humor, such as jokes, pranks, fails, memes, etc.

### Movies

This category is for GIFs that relate to movies or TV shows. You can use any subcategory that relates to genres, actors, scenes, quotes, etc.

### Superheros

This category is for GIFs that relate to superheros or comic books. You can use any subcategory that relates to characters, powers, costumes, etc.

### Animals

This category is for GIFs that relate to animals or pets. You can use any subcategory that relates to species, breeds, habitats, etc.

Commit message:

Add a GIF to footbal & cars category

GIFtastic/GIFs.md, after:

# GIFtastic

This is a markdown file where you can add your favorite GIFs of various categories. You can also see how other contributors have added their GIFs and leave your signature to show it was you who added them.

## How to Add a GIF

To add a GIF to this file, you need to follow this format:

### football

![simpson](https://media.giphy.com/media/3orieWABCODOOw4x7G/giphy.gif)
![bruno](https://media.giphy.com/media/1mpndGZ9xMQfgsucjm/giphy.gif)

Added by: elvis

![test](https://media.giphy.com/media/iv895YWveVRTpi2h6x/giphy.gif)
Added by:Andrew

## cars
![drive](https://media.giphy.com/media/23kNChh0ppYAMntTza/giphy.gif)
Added by: Felix

For example, if you want to add a GIF of a funny cat under the category of Animals and the subcategory of Cats, you can do it like this:

### Cats

![GIF](https://media.giphy.com/media/ND6xkVPaj8tHO/giphy.gif)

Added by: Clifford Ouma

You can use any topic that you want, as long as it is appropriate and relevant for this project. You can also create new categories or subcategories if they don't exist yet.

To find a GIF that you want to add, you can use one of the following sources:

- [GIPHY](https://giphy.com/): This is a popular platform that offers a huge collection of GIFs for various categories and topics. You can search for a GIF that matches your interest and copy the URL from the address bar or right-click on the GIF and select "Copy image address".
- [Tenor](https://tenor.com/search/tenor-gifs): This is another platform that provides a wide range of GIFs for different occasions and moods. You can browse or search for a GIF that suits your purpose and copy the URL from the address bar or right-click on the GIF and select "Copy image address".
- Other Sources: You can also use other sources that offer GIFs, such as [Reddit], [Tumblr], [Imgur], etc. Just make sure that the URL ends with .gif and that the GIF is appropriate for this project.

## Categories

Here are some categories that you can use to add your GIFs. Feel free to add more categories or subcategories as you wish.

### Funny

This category is for GIFs that make you laugh or smile. You can use any subcategory that relates to humor, such as jokes, pranks, fails, memes, etc.

### Movies

This category is for GIFs that relate to movies or TV shows. You can use any subcategory that relates to genres, actors, scenes, quotes, etc.

### Superheros

This category is for GIFs that relate to superheros or comic books. You can use any subcategory that relates to characters, powers, costumes, etc.

### Animals

This category is for GIFs that relate to animals or pets. You can use any subcategory that relates to species, breeds, habitats, etc.
